resources/readme.md, before:

# API Key Management

### API Key permissions

Let's understand how does permissions work for API keys.

An API key is simply an extension of how a user can access the Hex Safe v2 platform. The API key inherits the same permissions of the user who created and owns the API key.

The permission of the user depends on the role it's assigned to.

### CSR generation

### API key generation guide

The follow is a guide on generating your API key via the Hex Safe v2 UI.

1. Login to your Hex Safe v2 account.
2. Go to the Settings page.
3. Navigate to the API Key tab.
4. Click "Create API Key". A modal will pop up.
5. Complete the following fields:
   * **Name**: Enter the name you want to give your API key.
   * **Certificate Signing Requests (CSR)**: Copy and paste the content from the CSR file ([_how to generate CSR file?_](./#csr-generation)_)._
   * **Expire after**: Select when you want the api key to active for or set it to never expire.
6. Click "Get API Key" to create your API key.
7. Once the API key is successfully generated, you will see on a success screen. Click "Close" to close the modal.
8. A (new) API key now appears in the API key list. Select the eye icon reveal your API key or the copy icon to copy your API key.

\\

Commit message:

GITBOOK-19: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

resources/readme.md, after:

# API Key Management

## API Key permissions

Let's understand how does permissions work for API keys.

An API key is simply an extension of how a user can access the Hex Safe v2 platform. The API key inherits the same permissions of the user who created and owns the API key.

The permission of the user depends on the role it's assigned to.

## CSR generation

Before you can generate an API key, you need to create a pair of RSA Public/Private Keys. You then use these keys to create a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) file.

Run the following command lines in terminal.

```
# Generate the private key
openssl genrsa -out my_rsa.pem 4096

# Generate the public key
openssl rsa -in my_rsa.pem -pubout -out my_rsa_pubkey.pem

# Generate CSR
openssl req -key ./my_rsa.pem -subj "/C=HK/O=Hextrust/CN=testing.hextrust.com/emailAddress=testingapiclient@hextrust.com" -new -out my_rsa.csr
```

## API key generation guide

The follow is a guide on generating your API key via the Hex Safe v2 UI.

1. Login to your Hex Safe v2 account.
2. Go to the Settings page.
3. Navigate to the API Key tab.
4. Click "Create API Key". A modal will pop up.
5. Complete the following fields:
   * **Name**: Enter the name you want to give your API key.
   * **Certificate Signing Requests (CSR)**: Copy and paste the content from your CSR file ([_how to generate CSR file?_](./#csr-generation)_)._
   * **Expire after**: Select when you want the api key to active for or set it to never expire.
6. Click "Get API Key" to create your API key.
7. Once the API key is successfully generated, you will see on a success screen. Click "Close" to close the modal.
8. A (new) API key now appears in the API key list. Select the eye icon reveal your API key or the copy icon to copy your API key.
